what is up everybody it is cross and
today we have some more league of
legends gameplay of myself kinda buddy
of mine EG we're running forgotten
Fiddlesticks on Bahrain not really any
support just uh having to go to whole
time but not really going to focus on
the game play today instead I'd like to
do a little bit of a giveaway yep free
stuff I'm going to be giving away ten
dollars in RP and five always as well so
you know ten bucks can pretty much buy
you one of whatever no champ or skin or
anything you'd like in the game five
dollars you're kind of limited but you
can buy no probably anything that you
would want at this point in League of
Legends but you know hey it's free so to
be eligible to win you must be
subscribed on youtube and also to better
your chances you can follow me on
twitter as well most of the people in my
friends list are not eligible because i
know a lot of you in real life sorry
about that guys but there is a
possibility you know it's always that
chance I maybe I'm just going to pick
people at random if you
don't worry you still have a chance but
if you do follow me on Twitter let's
double your chances but that's what I'm
going to be doing is looking at the
people who comment below and the people
that retweet this video that's going to
increase your chances of winning know
the ten dollars worth of our opinion and
if this goes over well I will also be
doing more giveaways in the future so
just let me know load just put your uh
your league of legends summoner name and
the comments section below saying that
you won't ten-dollar RP or five lrp yeah
its food I'm gonna pick somebody at
random and if you win I said you'll get
ten dollar RP and then I'm gonna pay
somebody else at random and that person
will get five hours like I said if you
also retweet the video on twitter it is
going through increase your chances if
you don't have a twitter account won't
increase your chances it doesn't take
maybe three minutes to set up a twitter
account just follow me on twitter and
infamous cross 13 same as my cell name
and you can set that up and still have
the increased chances also there's going
to be a couple more rules i'll post
those in the description below pretty
much everything I covered all the basics
not too too hard guys so just like I
said leave your summoner name below he'd
follow me on Twitter retweet this video
and tag me in it as well and that should
do it just oh you got to watch this
amazing Duke coming up here in just a
second this is banging thought she was
gonna kill me with no ma'am i got them
pro flash skills so everybody's up their
team fighting and I'm just like you're
chillin just taking wolves like whatever
I need a little bit more help if you
also want to see more league of legends
gameplay let me know because this is
probably my new thing as i enjoy league
of legends they're playing up fun of it
I'm still Hannah go back to the range
yet still in bonds warm last time I
checked probs isn't really anything
special well just haven't really played
right because I'd rather play with
friends
instead of just play right so I'm just
waiting for those girlfriends day at
level 30 oh look at that Duke clean out
oops kills them skills we pretty much
just walk over them this entire match as
you see it's 15 kills 22 and they end up
surrendering right here but like I said
just leave a comment below with your
summoner name and also if you retweet
this video on twitter that is going to
increase your chances that just
remembers from GG until next time have
fun and see you later